Hello everyone today, I'll show you how
remove the mods that I installed
who installed my videos before
site gta wai city.
con el . that means all the same
delete because some may
reinstall san andreas to
remove one fashion or fashion have
it is not necessary to delete everything at all
do if you like a friend mod or
you just want to replace it you must
go to the next path my computer
I go to the root folder with the game in my own way
ways
the way you go on your way to the root
folder with the game but the essence we have to chicken. at
us abbas
that's why here I went to the root folder
with the game who does not know here all the files are all
the folders in this game are all right here then audi
that is, montes all these files Penza
dfm different here well, well, everyone knows about Miss
him a pack of gloomy so mean we
logged in the root folder with the game here we see
daddy such here yes take it
city ​​point ru
we open and here we will have to say
what mods we downloaded from this site and
which I basically show
we will install them all
let's visually set an example
I do not know
What kind of replacement machines for example, that's not
ask
on nissan silvia here and install yes
for example run here on the frequency
Olivia for example click install here
in the daddy with the game root folder here this
here we click install now complete
video that we have this Nisan strip
sylvia we went into the root folder with
the game click on this folder opens
here this mod we press it two
times killing the same little window
Only here we do not install and remove
click remove also remove ticks
click finish before you need to exit
from the game that's all this mod can be removed
go and have you in the game of this mod already
will not help if you subscribe
put the huskies on the channel bye bye